hi this is Marjorie um today I'm in Kyle
Texas with Gordon why bow just
absolutely stunned at the work that
Gordon's doing he bought himself a
little a little house right anymore on
Center Street this is Main Street Kyle
and he's developed a whole sustainable
living center here he's got a small
store where they're selling seeds and
gardening supplies he's got
demonstration gardens worm bins and worm
composting they're starting to get into
rainwater collection they've got rabbits
unbelievably unbelievabl use and reuse
of materials I would just stun you were
saying this is a zero waste facility
yeah we ended up looking the trash one
time in the whole year that we were open
and that was for packaging material that
had blown into the yard or like
shrink-wrap but now I've actually found
a waste stream for it so they can
recycle Wow so almost nothing leaves
here as garbage you know and it's either
reused repurposed or recycled or
composted so one of the other things
that I found really neat now y'all know
I compost I harp about compost all the
time and having nice sifted compost
makes your life so much easier when
you're putting it back in the beds and
then also when you're doing your seed
mixes and your planting
that you have invented this I'm going to
get CJ to demonstrate for us where you
put the compost in and then you've got
this slider tray on some wheels with a
screen in it and the big bulky material
stays left behind and the compost falls
down through yes and this was also made
completely all reclaimed parts other
than the wheels on Wow so you just
picked up some wheels at a hardware
store and all the rest of this is just
recycled materials awesome
yeah just leftover from different jobs
or scraps with construction sites and
Wow and so a big part of what you're
doing here is also building community
strengthening this neighborhood
preparing people to grow food for not
only their immediate health but also
what is type scenario right right
anything that'll make them more
survivable or sustainable there you go
yeah part of sustainability is not only
sustaining the land eating you know
healthy vegetables but it's also
sustaining community and sustaining that
network creating jobs sharing job skills
if y'all are ever in Kyle Texas come
stop by and say hi to Gordon support him
if you have some extra time or funds if
you'd like to help donate this is a
really amazing cause
oh my you can tell we're right in
downtown I think you hear the chalk in
the background this is Marjory wildcraft
in you can grow your own food medicine
you